For some people, competitions at school, work and daily life are a good thing. It motivates people to work harder and achieve "greatness" rising above ranks to become more successful in life. On the other hand, others disagree, saying people should learn to cooperate more rather than competing against each other. While I do acknowledge that a healthy doze of competitiveness can be beneficial in helping people strive to do well in life, increased competition can be harmful to a person and cooperation is the way to go if we want to move towards a more peaceful future society.

In competitions, everyone would always be aiming for the top. While it is good for a person to set high ambitions, everyone would be competing against each other, trying to outdo one another. In today's society, we already have a good grasp of what this looks like. Following the rise in social media, popular influencer have brought about different ideals that lead to people comparing themselves and trying to be faster, prettier, more athletic in ways that bring down their own self-esteem and mental health. When life is full of competition, people can't help comparing themselves and setting unattainable goals and standards.

This leads to another issue - what are people competing for? It could be the next job promotion, trying to be top of class, or trying to have the most perfect-picture life? When life is reduced to a competition, it can lose some of the meaning and simple pleasures that are in just being happy and doing what one can. With all the pressure to move up the ladder and reaching the goal, people can lose sight of what is really important or what they were doing in the first place.

As some say, life is a journey, not a destination. If someone's only goal were to win, what else is there to do? They will constantly be worrying about keeping there place and not losing the spot at the top of the chain. Of course, this is only in a very extreme case but we can already see from today's society what negative impacts can come from competition.

I believe that the only thing people should need to compete against are themselves. People should strive to achieve their own personal best, finding their own path in life, whatever it may be. It might sound cheesy, but in a way we are all in this together so we might as well work together to lift ourselves up rather than tearing others down to reach the podium.

A bit of understanding and cooperation can go a long way.
