The stakes seem to grow higher for students as they are pressured into improving their academic ability, to work harder in order to build a comfortable life growing up. Stress has become association with exams, exams with scores and determining a university entrance that can either make or break a student's life. It almost seems as though someone wouldn't be able to live successfully without a good qualifications in graduating university. Despite this, many prestigious universities have extremely low acceptance rates into their study programs. I believe that university study programs should accept students regardless of their academic ability, to a degree.

There is some stigma surrounding students who choose to drop out or pursue different paths than undergoing college, and we have to wonder why. Discouragement, doubt in themselves being "Good enough" for university. Of course, qualifications are necessary to ensure people work well but university courses sometimes set absurdly high bars that can seem unreachable to some. Many high school students have been dropping out from grade 10 onwards and while it is their choice, this situation should be addressed.

University study programs should not simply admit people on exclude them on their academic scores and ability but rather on their own passion and interests, letting students decide for themselves what is good for them, what they would like to choose. Rigid outlines can limit a student's potential. Universities need to be more flexible with student admissions in order to provide a better education for all.
