Pip stared out of the window. There was nothing interesting about her boring neighbourhood that could ever be worth her time. Her bland world was always brick houses, brown birds and tedious neighbours. However, Pip was reasonably glad she lived in Winton. She would never admit it out loud, but the raging war did not sound appetising. Pip would rather stay in her mundane town, her brown burrow listening to the plain and monotonous television reports on old Mr. Colt's missing glasses.

Pip fiddled with her long red braids, letting the warm afternoon sunlight bathe her freckly face. Every A few times a month, Pip would feel the ground tremble under her lazy shoes and hear the faint boom of vicious bombs that savaged London. Pip knew it was far but it still made the short hairs stand up in the back of her neck stand up like she had been electrocuted. She wished not to be in the war, but hoped with all of her big heart that a little adventure, a little relief would show up on her doorstep.

Pip would spend upon hours in her room, her mind spinning so fast that was almost nauseating. Pip sat on her brown stool and dreamed. She dreamed of a floating home, her home - soaring like a free bird among the clouds. But as the war crept closer like a spider on Pip's small town of Winton, Pop's The cogs in Pip's mind whirred into place Her flying home would be a safe place for evacuees, Pip decided. She would share her elaborately carved stones to the frightened children and make them smile. She would do it all in her flying home in the mundane town of bleakness, Winton.
