Writing I signed and sat down on the thin construction bar, pulling out quick snack out strangely, I was no longer afraid. I was like a grown mouse once weedy and scared, now tough, I would've quivered and trembled and completely fainted just as the horrifying, thrilling and ridiculously dangerous thought of eating like pigeons, lifted by a construction crane as tall and mighty as a concrete castle, swaying on a precariously hooked metal bar, having a splendid break and chatting casually with robots.

The height would've made my stomach flip like an acrobat. My steel capped boots were dangling above tremendous buildings below me and the wind danced through my hair.

I heard a buzz. A sleek, turquoise drone soared over, propellers whirring. Clutched in one bird like claw was a white plastic, stuffed and brimming with restaurant take away boxes. Humans and metal robots alike laughed and licked their lips. I clapped, and dangerously reached out to hold the back. My stomach dropped slightly as I was dangling are hand to the trembling drone.

Then, my stomach seemed to lose it and plummet down, down, down. My colleagues - the normal day to day construction workers and eccentric robots gasped and tried to reach out, but most didn't feel like risking their healthy souls. My insides were a rocket, programmed with the words, get down. Leave the body, drop, disappear.

I started to panic. The drone was shaking, clearly unable to hold my weight. I felt myself falling and failing. I flailed like a flightless bird my arms waving about desperately- until my arm froze, but the sweat came rushing down in a smelly waterfall. My legs swayed, but I no longer fell. I looked up, surprised. And I saw the black, glinting eyes of a robot, I smiled shakily as I was hoisted up back onto the bar, my yellow hard hat dropping like a stone.
